# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   fiddle
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dfloat11
    #   peft
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.8
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   gradio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.3
    # via optuna
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.39.3
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.39.3
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
braceexpand==0.1.7
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   webdataset
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jiwer
    #   lhotse
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
cmake==3.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cupy-cuda12x==13.4.1
    # via dfloat11
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cytoolz==1.0.1
    # via lhotse
datasets==3.6.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
deepcache==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dfloat11==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
diffusers==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepcache
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
distance==0.1.3
    # via g2p-en
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pyannote-metrics
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
einops==0.8.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
fastrlock==0.8.3
    # via cupy-cuda12x
ffmpy==0.4.0
    # via gradio
fiddle==0.3.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.55.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via pyloudnorm
g2p-en==2.1.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   wandb
google-api-core==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.154.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.73.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.27.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.20.1
    # via google-cloud-ndb
google-cloud-ndb==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.13.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
gradio==3.36.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.5.0
    # via gradio
graphviz==0.21
    # via fiddle
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.68.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
inflect==7.5.0
    # via
    #   g2p-en
    #   nemo-toolkit
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via lhotse
invisible-watermark==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.4.0
    # via mediapy
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiwer==3.0.5
    # via nemo-toolkit
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kaldi-python-io==1.2.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
kaldiio==2.18.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via texterrors
lhotse==1.30.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
libcst==1.8.2
    # via fiddle
librosa==0.11.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
lightning==2.4.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
lilcom==1.8.1
    # via lhotse
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
lit==18.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
loguru==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   texterrors
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.8.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mediapy
    #   pyannote-metrics
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.3
    # via gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapy==1.1.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via inflect
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via librosa
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
narwhals==1.14.3
    # via altair
nemo-toolkit==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.2
    # via optimum-quanto
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   g2p-en
numba==0.61.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   resampy
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   cupy-cuda12x
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   g2p-en
    #   gradio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   kaldi-python-io
    #   kaldiio
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   lilcom
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   numba
    #   onnx
    #   opencv-python
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pydeck
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   pywavelets
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   soundfile
    #   sox
    #   soxr
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   texterrors
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   webdataset
    #   xformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   nemo-toolkit
onnx==1.17.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invisible-watermark
optimum-quanto==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==4.4.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
orjson==3.10.12
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gradio-client
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pooch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   streamlit
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
peft==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
pillow-avif-plugin==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
plac==1.4.5
    # via texterrors
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via pyannote-metrics
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via texterrors
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   gradio
    #   wandb
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   nemo-toolkit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pyloudnorm==0.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pytorch-lightning==2.5.2
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invisible-watermark
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lhotse
    #   libcst
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   webdataset
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via
    #   jiwer
    #   levenshtein
redis==5.2.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   texterrors
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
resampy==0.4.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via nemo-toolkit
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   dfloat11
    #   diffusers
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-metrics
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
sentry-sdk==2.32.0
    # via wandb
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   triton
shapely==2.0.6
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   intervaltree
    #   pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
sox==1.5.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
streamlit==1.40.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   pyannote-metrics
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via streamlit
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via texterrors
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
texterrors==0.5.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomesd==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==1.0.0
    # via cytoolz
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   deepcache
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tomesd
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   xformers
torchmetrics==1.7.4
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   dfloat11
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.53.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepcache
    #   dfloat11
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   peft
triton==3.3.1
    # via torch
typeguard==4.4.2
    # via inflect
typer==0.16.0
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   fiddle
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sox
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
    #   typer
    #   wandb
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
wandb==0.21.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdataset==1.0.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wget==3.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
xformers==0.0.31.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
